Fix option error (#10608)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/10592.bugfix.rst

> Fix the bug "--cache-show --help" triggers an internal error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed crash if `--cache-show` and `--help` are passed at the same time.
```
